# Day Five

The way I want to write is to write as clearly as possible. I want not only myself but also others to easily understand what I think. Why does it matter? Why someone would care about my thoughts? It's because many people read what others people think to share knowledge and ideas so that we can grow faster. I want to read others and want others to read my prose. That's why I have to make my writing as clear as possible. In our century that's full of brilliant people, there's no need for fancy words as well as for turgid prose.

To write well I have to answer at least one question - what's good prose? Definitely, the good prose is clear. Basically, the more clear your writing, the more clear your thinking as well. Clear writing actually depends on clear thinking. It doesn't matter, however, that to write clearly you first of all need to think clearly before starting to write. No. All you need are some thoughts and a blank sheet of paper. As you write, your thinking becomes more intelligible. So all you need is to start writing. Starting writing is difficult, yes, but you can do something about it I describe later.

You need to imagine writing as a process of clarifying your thinking, not bringing some great work to life. You start writing with an entangled mess of random thoughts and ideas about your subject, but later the clarity appears as a flash of bulb above your head and you're ready to make the second draft to revise your writing and make it more appealing to your audience.

I doubt that writing exclusively about writing is actually helpful to my writing skills. I need to choose other subjects and write about them. It's I think is more interesting. So, the next topic to write about have to be something except of writing. I'm done here. I have to go to the job and make some money to buy some candies afterwards. I need candies and sugar. Don't know why but I can't live without sugar. I've tried to give up sugar numerous times and nothing happened. I still prefer eating candies to not eating candies. I don't know whether I want to really give up candies or I just think it should be done. I don't know but it's very important... Oh, my. I need to go work. See, ya!
